if you think it's time to pump up your
car and you're not looking to choose
something with a v8 engine or gas
guzzling tax then the new Prius v is the
option to go with and let me start by
breaking the main stereotype about the
Prius this car is not small or slow
let's start with the exterior look the
new big Prius has redesigned front and
back projector lights as well as the new
Eaton audio system
the front bumper doesn't look like a
regular hybrid model in fact it sports
more of an aggressive look cargo space
is simply amazing
67 cubic feet and speaking of space how
much space is that SUV of yours out yes
most of the smaller SUVs do offer you
less cargo space in this car and of
course they don't offer you the 42 miles
per gallon that the Prius 5 does so
let's take a quick ride and talk more
about the interior and features
when you're sitting inside you'll notice
a couple of new cool options that the
2015 model is offered such as an 8-way
power adjustable driver's seat
panoramic view moonroof and like I've
mentioned before the new Eaton audio
system the backup camera comes standard
in all the new models the trunk in rear
seats are also very spacious you could
slide them just the same way you do as
the front ones and it's a really cool
feature when you need to adjust
passengers or cargo space of course
Toyota does mean safety the new Prius 5
comes equipped with seven airbags as
well as the whiplash injury lessening
front seats in case of collision they
can adjust in a certain way to
minimalize any possible injuries this
car was designed to take care of any
situation there are four packages
available with the starting price point
of twenty-seven thousand eight hundred
ninety five dollars that goes all the
way up to thirty two thousand one
hundred and fifty-five MSRP depending on
what package you select the 1.8 liter
engine offers you 134 combined horses
and it also operates on a CVT
transmission here are some driving modes
to get you either more power for maximum
gas savings a V eco and power when
you're on AV mode your Prius is running
on pure electric battery when you're on
Eco mode you're hunting for some good
mpg there and for power I really don't
need to explain power you guys know what
that is we can talk about this car
endlessly but the main pros of the new
prius v is the MPG spaciousness
flexibility and ability to fit and suit
the entire family like every car it does
have its constitute for example having
more than enough cargo capacity
I wouldn't say that it has enough power
to carry heavy stuff but hey every car
is different purposes right if you and
your family are looking for something
extremely fuel-efficient and spacious at
the same time try the new Prius v you
won't be disappointed
[Music]
you